# Wazuh

### Introduction
- When was Wazuh released? `2015`
- What is the term that Wazuh calls a device that is being monitored for suspicious activity and potential security threats? `Agent`
- Lastly, what is the term for a device that is responsible for managing these devices? `Manager`
 
### Wazuh Agents
- How many agents does this Wazuh management server manage?
- What are the status of the agents managed by this Wazuh management server?

### Wazuh Vulnerability Assessment & Security Events
- Navigate to the Agents tab by pressing Wazuh -> Agents. Select the agent named "AGENT-001". How many "Security Event" alerts have been generated by the agent "AGENT-001"? Note: You will need to make sure that your time range includes the 11th of March 2022

### Collecting Windows Logs with Wazuh
- What is the name of the tool that we can use to monitor system events?
- What standard application on Windows do these system events get recorded to?

### Collecting Linux Logs with Wazuh
- What is the full file path to the rules located on a Wazuh management server?

### Auditing Commands on Linux with Wazuh
- What application do we use on Linux to monitor events such as command execution?
- What is the full path & filename for where the aforementioned application stores rules?

### Wazuh API
- What is the name of the standard Linux tool that we can use to make requests to  the Wazuh management server?
- What HTTP method would we use to retrieve information for a Wazuh management server API?
- What HTTP method would we use to perform an action on a Wazuh management server API?
- Use the API console to find the Wazuh server's version. Note: You will need to add the "v" prefix to the number for this answer. For example v1.2.3

### Generating Reports with Wazuh
- Analyse the report. What is the name of the agent that has generated the most alerts?
