# Log Operations

### Log Configuration
- Which of the given log purposes would be suitable to measure the cost of using a service? `Operational`  
- Which of the given log purposes would be suitable for investigating application logs for enhancement and stability? `Debug`

### Where To Start After Deciding the Logging Purpose
- You are a consultant working for a growing startup. As a consultant, you participated in a log configuration planning session. The company you work for is working to get compliant to process payment information. The given question set is being discussed. Which question's answer can be "as much as mentioned in the PCI DSS requirements."? `How much do you need to log?`

### Configuration Dilemma: Planning and Implementation
- The session continues, and your teammates need your help; they will negotiate for logging budget and operation details. As a consultant, you must remind them of a vital point: Which requirements are non-negotiable? `operational and security requirements`

### Principles and Difficulties
- Your team is working on policies to decide which logs will be stored and which portion will be available for analysis. Which of the given logging principles would be implemented and improved? `Archiving and Accessibility`
- Your team implemented a brand new API logging product. One of the team members has been tasked with collecting the logs generated by that new product. The team member reported continuous errors when transferring the logs to the review platform. In this case, which of the given difficulties occurs? `Process and Archive`

### Common Mistakes and Best Practices
- As a consultant, you are doing a comprehensive risk assessment and noticed that one of the development teams implemented a custom script to generate logs for an old system, which omits loggings at some phases. What you would call this? (Mistake or Practice?) `Mistake`
